Update Makefile for plugin template and plugin implementation guide (#1363)
vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework: docs/cli/plugin_implementation_guide.md

To add the builder plugin use `tanzu plugin install builder`

#### Installing Admin Plugins

> With the [context-aware plugin discovery](/docs/design/context-aware-plugin-discovery-design.md) been enabled within Tanzu CLI admin plugins can be installed from local source as mentioned below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the [context-aware plugin discovery](/docs/design/context-aware-plugin-discovery-design.md) enabled, Tanzu CLI admin plugins should now be installed from local source as follows:
```

1. Download the admin plugin tarball or zip file from the release artifacts and extract it

> 1. Run `tanzu plugin lsit --local /path/to/admin-plugins/linux-amd64-admin` to list available admin plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `tanzu plugin list --local /path/to/admin-plugins/linux-amd64-admin` to list available admin plugins
```

> 1. Run `tanzu plugin install all --local /path/to/admin-plugins/linux-amd64-admin` command to install all admin plugins. User can user `plugin-name` instead of `all` to install specific plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `tanzu plugin install all --local /path/to/admin-plugins/linux-amd64-admin` command to install all admin plugins. User can use `_plugin-name_` instead of `all` to install a specific plugin.
```

1. Run `tanzu plugin list` to verify the installed plugins

> NOTE: We are working on enhacing this user experience by publishing admin artifacts as discovery source as part of OCI image. This will improve the experience of users. More details is in [this issue](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework/issues/1376).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: We are working on enhancing this user experience by publishing admin artifacts as OCI image discovery source as well. More details is in [this issue](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework/issues/1376).
```

### Plugin Discovery Source

> Discovery is the interface to fetch the list of available plugins, their supported versions and how to download them either standalone or scoped to a context(server). E.g., the CLIPlugin API in a management cluster, OCI based plugin discovery for standalone plugins, a similar REST API etc. Having a separate interface for discovery helps to decouple discovery (which is usually tied to a server or user identity) from distribution (which can be shared).

Reviewer: I don't quite follow the "E.g.,...." sentence

Author: added more details to the sentence

#### Building a Plugin

> The Tanzu CLI itself is responsible for building plugins. You can build and install your new plugin for the current host os with the provided make targets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tanzu CLI itself is responsible for building plugins. You can build and install your new plugin for the current host OS with the provided make targets:
```

All merges to main will be under the `dev` namespace in the artifacts repository.

> The release directory structure for the available plugins under the repository can be generated by running below command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release directory structure for the available plugins under the repository can be generated by running the following command:
```
